New Module: HiveMQ (#4797)
testcontainers/testcontainers-java: docs/modules/hivemq.md

# HiveMQ Module

<img src="../modules_logos/hivemq-testcontainer.png" alt="drawing" width="400"/>

Automatic starting HiveMQ docker containers for JUnit4 and JUnit5 tests.
This enables testing MQTT client applications and integration testing of custom HiveMQ extensions.

- Community forum: https://community.hivemq.com/
- HiveMQ website: https://www.hivemq.com/
- MQTT resources:
    - [MQTT Essentials](https://www.hivemq.com/mqtt-essentials/)
    - [MQTT 5 Essentials](https://www.hivemq.com/mqtt-5/)
    
Please make sure to check out the hivemq-docs for the [community edition](https://github.com/hivemq/hivemq-community-edition/wiki/) 

> and the [regular edition](https://www.hivemq.com/docs/hivemq/4.7/user-guide/).

Reviewer: Is it regular edition or enterprise edition?

Author: It should be "Community Edition" and "Enterprise Edition" :) 

I corrected it.

## Add to your project

### Gradle

Add to `build.gradle`:

````groovy
testImplementation 'org.testcontainers:hivemq:{{latest_version}}'
````

Add to `build.gradle.kts`:

````kotlin
testImplementation("org.testcontainers:hivemq:{{latest_version}}")
````

### Maven

Add to `pom.xml`:

```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>org.testcontainers</groupId>
    <artifactId>hivemq</artifactId>
    <version>{{latest_version}}</version>
    <scope>test</scope>
</dependency>

> ```

Reviewer: By convention we always put this at the bottom of the docs page - could we do the same here?

## Using HiveMQ CE/EE

> We provide different editions of HiveMQ on [Docker-Hub](https://hub.docker.com/u/hivemq):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HiveMQ provide different editions on [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/u/hivemq):
```
Just because it's not quite clear who 'we' is in this context!

> - the open source [Community Edition](https://github.com/hivemq/hivemq-community-edition) which 
> is tagged as *hivemq/hivemq-ce*.
> - the Enterprise Edition which is tagged as *hivemq/hivemq-ee*.

Reviewer: 'Tagged' is a bit of a loaded term in Docker; perhaps instead it could be:
```suggestion
- the open source [Community Edition](https://github.com/hivemq/hivemq-community-edition) which 
is published as *hivemq/hivemq-ce*.
- the Enterprise Edition which is published as *hivemq/hivemq-ee*.
```

> Both edition can be used directly as testcontainers:

Reviewer: We don't really use 'testcontainers' as a word to refer to the containers themselves. Could we say:

```suggestion
Both editions can be used directly:
```

(Historical note: it is weird that I literally called it Testcontainers to refer to the various container classes, but we unconsciously steered away from that and now Testcontainers refers to the library).

Reviewer: Please could we also tweak the logo image as well for the same reason? It might be better described as 'HiveMQ Testcontainers module' if that's not too wordy..!

Author: I talked to our logo designer, I will swap it out later that day :)

<!--/codeinclude-->

## Test your MQTT 3 and MQTT 5 client application

Using an Mqtt-client (e.g. the [HiveMQ-Mqtt-Client](https://github.com/hivemq/hivemq-mqtt-client)) you can start 
testing directly. 

<!--codeinclude-->
[MQTT5 Client](../../modules/hivemq/src/test/java/org/testcontainers/hivemq/docs/DemoHiveMQContainerIT.java) inside_block:mqtt5client
<!--/codeinclude-->

## Settings

There are several things that can be adjusted before container setup.
The following example shows how to enable the Control Center (this is an enterprise feature), set the log level to DEBUG 
and load a HiveMQ-config-file from the classpath.

<!--codeinclude-->
[Config Examples](../../modules/hivemq/src/test/java/org/testcontainers/hivemq/docs/DemoHiveMQContainerIT.java) inside_block:eeVersionWithControlCenter
<!--/codeinclude-->

---
**Note:**
The Control Center of HiveMQ can be accessed via the URL presented in the output of the starting container:

```
2021-09-10 10:35:53,511 INFO  - The HiveMQ Control Center is reachable under: http://localhost:55032
```

Please be aware that the Control Center is a feature of the enterprise edition of HiveMQ and thus only available with 

> the enterprise container. 

Reviewer: Minor nit:
```suggestion
the enterprise image. 
```

---

## Testing HiveMQ extensions

Using the [Extension SDK](https://github.com/hivemq/hivemq-extension-sdk) the functionality of all editions of HiveMQ
can be extended. 

> The HiveMQ-testcontainer also supports testing these custom extensions of yours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HiveMQ module also supports testing your own custom extensions.
```

### Wait Strategy

> The raw HiveMQ-testcontainer is built to wait for certain startup log messages to signal readiness.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The raw `HiveMQContainer` class is built to wait for certain startup log messages to signal readiness.
```

Since extensions are loaded dynamically they can be available a short while after the main container has started.
We therefore provide custom wait conditions for HiveMQ Extensions:

The following will specify an extension to be loaded from **src/test/resources/modifier-extension** into the container and 
wait for an  extension named **'My Extension Name'** to be started: 

<!--codeinclude-->
[Custom Wait Strategy](../../modules/hivemq/src/test/java/org/testcontainers/hivemq/docs/DemoExtensionTestsIT.java) inside_block:waitStrategy
<!--/codeinclude-->

Next up we have an example for using an extension directly from the classpath and waiting directly on the extension:

<!--codeinclude-->
[Extension from Classpath](../../modules/hivemq/src/test/java/org/testcontainers/hivemq/docs/DemoExtensionTestsIT.java) inside_block:extensionClasspath
<!--/codeinclude-->

---
**Note** Debugging extensions

Both examples contain ```.withDebugging()``` which enables remote debugging on the container.
With debugging enabled you can start putting breakpoints right into your extensions.

--- 

### Testing extensions using Gradle

> In a Gradle based HiveMQ Extension project we support testing using a dedicated [HiveMQ Extension Gradle Plugin](https://github.com/hivemq/hivemq-extension-gradle-plugin/README.md).

Reviewer: To remove 'we' again perhaps:
```suggestion
In a Gradle based HiveMQ Extension project, testing is supported using a dedicated [HiveMQ Extension Gradle Plugin](https://github.com/hivemq/hivemq-extension-gradle-plugin/README.md).
```

# HiveMQ Module

> # HiveMQ Test Container

Reviewer 2: There should only be 1 header with level one

Reviewer 3: That is correct. I wonder if this is also the reason, why the page is not added to the navigation pane:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5088104/148222109-35846930-04e8-45e7-af30-2ba011b72b2b.png)

Reviewer: It also needs to be referenced from `nav` in `mkdocs.yml`

Author: done
